W-14792039 PDK final review (#504)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: pdk/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-pdk-debug-local.adoc

= Debugging Custom Policies with the PDK Debugging Playground
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

To test the functionality of your policy, Flex Gateway Policy Development Kit (PDK) provides a pre-configured API instance located in the `<root-directory>/playground/config` directory.

> The PDK Debugging Playground only supports Flex Gateways running in Local Mode in a Docker container. If you plan to deploy or policy to a Flex Gateway running in Connected Mode or to a different platform, you should still test your policy in PDK by using Flex Gateways running in Local Mode in a Docker container for initial testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PDK Debugging Playground only supports Flex Gateway running in Local Mode in a Docker container. If you plan to deploy a policy to Flex Gateway running in Connected Mode or to a different platform, you should still first test your policy in PDK by using Flex Gateway running in Local Mode in a Docker container.
```
I'm not sure what "or to a different platform" is referring to. You first mention "Connected Mode" - are you referring to its alternative: Local Mode? Or is this referring to something else? Production environment perhaps?

> The PDK Debugging Playground only supports Flex Gateways running in Local Mode in a Docker container. If you plan to deploy or policy to a Flex Gateway running in Connected Mode or to a different platform, you should still test your policy in PDK by using Flex Gateways running in Local Mode in a Docker container for initial testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PDK Debugging Playground only supports Flex Gateway running in Local Mode in a Docker container. If you plan to deploy or policy to Flex Gateway running in Connected Mode or to a different platform, you should still first test your policy in PDK by using Flex Gateway running in Local Mode in a Docker container.
```

> IMPORTANT: You can run Flex Gateway in Local Mode on Docker in Windows only to develop and test your policies. However, Flex Gateway does not support Windows in production environments.

Reviewer: Awesome. Thanks.
